well howdy there Internet people it's
beau again it's at the grocery store
today got my four-year-old with me
and pull into the aisle to check out
he's in the cart
and I have that moment that most parents
have at some point where you go oh no
don't say anything just just be quiet
just be quiet because the woman in front
of us has a prosthetic she's wearing
shorts and the top of the prosthetic is
it's camouflage it's a see you
she's obviously ex-military and I see
him looking at it and I'm like oh no
what's he gonna say and he looks at her
he's like you are so cool the reason I'm
saying this it's because I found out the
other day that uh America's two Bond
villains are up to something there are
two men in American politics that if
they wanted to be Bond villains they
could George Soros and Charles Koch
you're not familiar with these guys
George Soros is a liberal financier he's
a billionaire he's pumped more than
thirty billion dollars into something
called the open societies foundation
Charles Koch is the right-wing
equivalent he's worth about fifty
billion dollars he also has a foundation
he's a libertarian in the American sense
of that word deregulation and small
government that kind of thing they've
teamed up to start a new think tank and
right now conspiracy theorists all over
the world are their ears have perked the
goal is to stop forever wars like
Afghanistan and Iraq where that woman's
leg probably is that's the goal
the think tank will open in September
it's a named Li quince tea Quincy
Institute for Responsible statecraft the
goal is to try to embody John Quincy
Adams and his vision of American foreign
policy which is we don't go abroad
searching for monsters to find diplomacy
becomes the preferred method of foreign
affairs I'm certain that somebody out
there is going well billionaire is found
a way to make money off peace good good
this might be the golden moment for the
anti-war movement to pop its head back
up because some he'll have been missing
for a while for once grassroots anti-war
movements are going to be able to
benefit from special interest groups
this this Institute will certainly hire
policy experts lobbyists essayists
people who can give talking points PR
people people who are going to be in
Congress's face they're gonna focus on
the economic side of it I'm almost
certain given these two guys that's what
they're going to talk about wouldn't it
be great and a whole lot more effective
if they also had some faces there are
people in these comments sections who
have mentioned building five or six
tours you've probably got some stories
about the forever wars
would make the defense industries job a
whole lot harder if there was a personal
aspect not just an economic and policy
one I'm not saying you got to go to work
for them I'm not saying you got to take
their money I'm certainly not saying you
got to let yourself be co-opted but you
may want to check in on this Institute
and see what they're doing every once in
a while because if you coincide your
marches with their efforts that is force
multiplication guys I mean that's like
calling in artillery because for once
the big boys are going to be on your
side for whatever reason I'm not even
going to speculate as to motive but at
the end of the day even if they did find
some way to profit off of it and they
probably did there's gonna be a whole
lot less prosthetics I'm okay with that
I'm okay with that
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night